收藏查看我的收藏0有用+1已投票0cnex编辑锁定CNEX 由“华人新世代”的英文 Chinese Next 组合而成的。CNEX是北京国际交流协会影视文化工作委员会执行的一个纪实影像项目。这个项目将招集来自各地的专业人士，致力于全球范围内华人纪实影像的开发合作与交流推广。中文名华人新世代外文名cnex全    称Chinese Next性    质纪实影像目录1涵义2引申远景Vision在大变迁的全球化时代, CNEX将立足中国社会与经济发生的巨大变化，以全球华人文化的共同利益为纽带，在促进和谐社会与和谐世界的总体目标下，通过在全球纪实影像领域的协同与合作、沟通与交流、分享与互利，促进国际社会与华人群体的文化交流，让中华新文明的精神和观点可以传播到全世界每一角落，让世界更好地了解华人、让华人更好地融入世界。使命MissionCNEX将通过组织国内与国际文化活动，为华人纪实影像创作者及其作品提供支持和交流平台，帮助更多的专业人士以影像、音乐、艺术和文字的形式留下华人社会发展的生态轨迹，同时建立和发展全球华人纪实影像资料库，促进纪实影像产业的可持续发展。CNEX核心项目构成年度主题CNEX每年选定一个与现代华人相关的主题，邀请国际专业人士提供相关知名影片与深度论述文章，并在网络上征集作品，号召全球华人围绕该主题，以影像、文字等形式进行纪录、诠释和论述，通过评选和交流，共同创造出该年度深具影响力的文化作品。 06-07年度的主题设定为 $ :与金钱相关的社会现象、人物、事件和观念。CNEX文件盛典CNEX文件盛典是一个长期的年度视觉征集与展演计划：CNEX每年选定一个与当代华人密切相关的主题，邀请视觉作品与学术专文，并在网络上征件，号召全球华人针对这个主题进行描述、响应、表达、对话，共同创造出围绕该年度主题的文化产品。每年年中，计划举办CNEX文件盛典，邀集各方针对年度主题提出概念、论述、图像、展演……通过彼此欣赏、交谈、互动，由下而上、由外而内，归纳出该年度华人的文化精神动向与意识焦点－－期待藉由年度主题的累积，形成一年一度的影像嘉年华会，在充满无限可能的CNEX新视代生态系中，庆祝华人的新力量！CNEX预计藉由年度文件盛典的举办，留住华人在21世纪初期的发展轨迹，成为下一代茁壮的备忘录。出版与推广CNEX将邀请两岸三地知名文化评论家与社会观察家，针对年度主题组织论坛、发表深度论述文章；通过文件展、大专院校与文艺场所、国际影展与电视节、海外华人社区，以及和各类平面与电子媒体协作，传播CNEX所汇集的纪实文艺作品、研发成果和动态信息。所有的文字报告和影像作品，最终将制成系列出版物。这个空间是主题式的影像实验室，也是进行式的对话殿堂，每一吋思维，都在时序中留下了探索的轨迹，每一笔梦想，都在空旷处留下了即兴的涂鸦，每一部影像，都在发言台留下了精彩的表达，每一种文化，都在屏幕中留下了经典的例证。全球视野，本地行动，Connecting NEXt， Collecting NEXt， Creating NEXt， Chinese NEXt新鲜的华人影像文件史正在募集，CNEX，已经诞生。所有尚未被纪录，但终将被瞩目的人，所有尚未被看到，但终将会发生的事，CNEX，将留下纪录。--------------------------------------------------------------------------------CNEX is the short form of “Chinese Next”. CNEX is a non-profit organization founded by a group of professionals, from Mainland China, Taiwan and Hong Kong, who are passionate about Chinese culture. It is devoted to the production and promotion of documentaries related to the Chinese people.VisionIn a time of rapid changes and globalization, CNEX promotes worldwide communication and cooperation in documentary making. CNEX facilitates cultural exchange between China and the rest of the world, and strives to spread the spirit and ideas of new Chinese culture.MissionCNEX provides a platform of supports for and exchanges among Chinese documentary filmmakers by organizing and coordinating international cultural activities, both of independent initiatives or securing supports from governments. It aims to help more professionals in the effort of preserving cultures of Chinese communities, in the forms of visual and audio documents. CNEX hopes to establish and develop a library of global Chinese nonfiction work, and to enhance a sustainable strategy for the contemporary Chinese documentary making.Funding SourcesCNEX collaborates with nonprofit organizations and continue to seek for sponsorship from corporates for funding its operations and activities. Premium sponsors of CNEX including the Chinatimes Cultural and Educational Foundation and other private donation.CNEX AffiliationCNEX is an independent NPO supported by the following organizations:Beijing International Exchange Association， Professor Jean May Tsiang Foundation, and CNEX Foundation LimitedCNEX Core ActivitiesAnnual Theme for production and exhibitionEvery year, based on a chosen theme relevant to the contemporary Chinese people, CNEX will invite international documentary films, articles, publications, and art works through online submission of independent productions, and calls for Chinese around the world to document, interpret and discuss the theme. With these activities, CNEX aims to produce, collect, and disseminate the year’s most influential works and cultural activities. The theme of 2007 is “Money”. With the theme, any notable social phenomena, portrait of individuals, incidents or ideas related to money can be targeted.CNEX DocumentaThe CNEX Documenta is a long-term annual program that invites and exhibits visual works. Each year, based on the chosen theme of the year, CNEX organizes a series of activities to explore and create the most influential cultural works and events of the year, climaxing in the CNEX Documenta. The Documenta is held in the mid-year and invitations will be sent for thoughts, discussions and images on the theme of the year. Through the appreciation, conversation, and interaction among participants, CNEX hopes to distill the spiritual bearing and cultural focus of contemporary Chinese societies. In this brand-new space full of possibilities, CNEX celebrates the newborn vitality of the Chinese people. By holding the annual Documenta, CNEX hopes to preserve the development history of the Chinese people at the beginning of the 21st century, which may serve as a memoir for our future generations.Publication and PromotionCNEX will invite well-known commentators and cultural experts from Mainland China, Taiwan and Hong Kong for composing in-depth articles or participating forums on the annual theme. It will also promote the documentaries, the collated intellectual achievements and updated information through various forms of exhibitions on universities campuses, cultural venues, international film and TV festivals, overseas Chinese communities, as well as forms of new media. Productions of audio and visual works will be distributed in series of publications in order to reach a broader set of audience both domestically and internationally.A themed video laboratory. A space for never-ending dialogues.Every idea has left its trace in the flow of time;Every dream has left its own mark in the space;Every image is an articulate expression on the podium;Every culture is a classic paradigm on the screen.With Global vision, local insight, weConnecting NEXt, Collecting NEXt, Creating NEXt for Chinese NEXt;Calling for fresh Chinese visual documents.CNEX is here..That hasn’t been recorded yet will eventually be seen by all,That hasn’t been revealed yet will eventually play out,All to be discovered by CNEX.cnex涵义编辑CNEX 国家防爆缩写cnex引申编辑南阳防爆电气研究所注册商标词条标签：组织机构