收藏查看我的收藏0有用+1已投票0Raymond grinder编辑锁定雷蒙磨粉机。雷蒙磨粉机磨室高温是困扰众多生产企业多年的一个问题。雷蒙磨粉机作为矿山机械,其特点就是:1、负载大，2、频繁运动，3、承受冲击负荷。其表现是：密封不好，注油次数频繁，维修频繁。磨室高温。中文名Raymond grinderapplicablegrinding and processingStructuralThe whole Raymond grinderPrinciplecollocated with jaw crushe目录1简介▪Raymond Grinder▪Structural Characteristics2工作原理▪The working principle▪The whole Raymond grinder machineRaymond grinder简介编辑Raymond grinderRaymond GrinderRaymond Grinder is applicable to the grinding and processing of more than 280 kinds of non-flammable and non-explosive materials with hardness less than 7 and humidity less than 6% in mining, construction, chemical industry and metallurgy, such as barite, calcite, feldspar, talcum, marble, limestone, clay, glass. The fineness of the finished product can be adjusted from 100 mesh to 325 mesh according to requirements.Raymond grinderStructural CharacteristicsThe whole Raymond grinder is of a standing structure. It features small occupying space and strong integration capacity. It can form an independent production system from the lump materials, crushing to finished powder and packaging. All the finished particles have a good uniformity of fineness, with passing screen rate as high as 98%. This is what other machine cannot reach. The Raymond grinder machine adopts electromagnetic vibrating feeder, which ensures even and regular feeding. It is easy to adjust, small in dimension, light in weight, with lower oil and power consumption and easy to maintain. The transmission device of the main unit is equipped with a close gearbox which ensures its smooth transmission and reliable operation. Attendance of operator is not necessary in the mill operating room because the adoption of advanced central control console switch.Raymond grinder工作原理编辑Raymond grinderThe working principleThe working principle is as follows: load the stuff for grinding evenly and continuously into the grinding chamber of the main frame. Due to the centrifugal force in rotation, the roller swings go outward and presses closely upon the ring. The shovel carries the stuff to the space between the roller and ring. When the roller rolls, the stuff is thus grinded. After being grinded, the stuff is to be routed to the classifier along windbeltof the blower and the rough powder will be put back to the grinder for regrinding. The fine powder flows into the cyclone collector together with air flow and is expelled from the powder output pipe as product. In the grinding chamber, since the stuff contains moisture to some extent, the heat generated during grinding makes the moisture evaporate; since the pipeline joints are not airtight, the external air is sucked in and the circulation air mass increases. In order to enable the grinder to work in negative pressure, the increased air flow is guided to the deuster and sequentially to the atmosphere after purification.Raymond grinderThe whole Raymond grinder machineThe whole Raymond grinder machine is collocated with jaw crusher, elevator, hopper, electromagnetic vibrating feeder, main unit, classifier, collector, cloth deduster and high-pressure blower.