收藏查看我的收藏0有用+1已投票0Van Hansis编辑锁定Van Hansis，全名Evan Vanfossen Hansis，美国马萨诸塞州人，出生于1981年9月25日，出生地为Massachusetts州的北Adams。美国演员。外文名Van Hansis国    籍美国出生日期1981年9月25日职    业演员全    名Evan Vanfossen Hansis目录1个人简介2参演剧本Van Hansis个人简介编辑Van Hansis，全名Evan Vanfossen Hansis，金发褐眸，身高1米83，他出生于1981年9月25日，出生地为Massachusetts州的北Adams。Van在小时候参加表演活动时就开始对表演感兴趣，中学时就决定当一名演员，他为了学习表演进了Walnut Hill高中，2004年毕业于Carnegie Mellon University，期间去了莫斯科学习了三个月的戏剧。毕业后在Williamstown和纽约参加了一些舞台剧的表演，2005年加入ATWT剧组，扮演Luke Snyder。Van Hansis参演剧本编辑史上第二长的肥皂剧《As the World Turns》的同志角色，在剧里扮演Luke可爱、英俊、勇敢、幽默得到了很多观众的喜欢，今年26岁有过同志传闻。Van Hansis(bornEvan Vanfossen Hansison September 25, 1981 in North Adams, Massachusetts)is an American actor. Hansis, who uses the name Van profeVan Hansisssionally, currently stars on the CBS soap operaAs the World Turnsas Luke Snyder, the son of one of the show's signature supercouples, Holden and Lily Snyder (played by Jon Hensley and Noelle Beck); although the character's biological father is Damian Grimaldi. Hansis made his first appearance on December 14, 2005, taking over the role from Jake Weary. Shortly after taking over the role, the character came out as a gay man in a storyline in spring 2006. Luke has since become romantically involved with Noah Mayer (played by Jake Silbermann), a pairing hailed as the first gay male soap opera supercouple despite controversy about their storyline.Hansis is originally from North Adams, but moved to Greenfield in the third grade when his mother became a principal in the Gill-Montague Regional School District.He attended Four Corners School and later the Greenfield Center School. Hansis began acting in theater camp as a child. He attended high school at a boarding school called Walnut Hill, in Natick, because, he says, he knew by then he wanted to be an actor "and it was a good school for that." He was able to flex his early acting muscles performing at the Shea Theater.Hansis graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in 2004, receiving a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Acting from the School of Drama. Prior to joiningATWT(As The World Turns), he starred in the Broadway playThe Laramie Projectin Pittsburgh, among other stage shows. In 2006 he also starred in the short film The Time Machine. He has worked professionally at the Williamstown Theatre Festival in Massachusetts, in productions ofOn the Razzle,Twelfth Night,andThe Indian Wants the Bronx.From Sept. 2007 to mid-January 2008 he appeared off-Broadway in a production of Charles Busch'sDie, Mommie, Die!In 2007, he was nominated for his first Daytime Emmy Award. He received a second nomination in 2008 and a third in 2009.Luke &amp;ampLuke &amp;amp词条标签：美国演员，演员，娱乐人物，人物，80年代演员