收藏查看我的收藏0有用+1已投票0妇产科奥秘更新版编辑锁定《妇产科奥秘更新版》是2004年Elsevier Science Health Science div出版社出版的图书，作者是Thomas J. Bader MD。书    名妇产科奥秘更新版作    者Thomas J. Bader MDISBN9780323034159页    数428定    价292.00元出版社Elsevier Science Health Science div出版时间2004年11月15日装    帧Pap目录1内容简介2目录妇产科奥秘更新版内容简介编辑The Secrets SeriesÂ® is breaking new ground again. This volume in the very popular Secrets SeriesÂ® is back in an exciting, updated, and completely redesigned 3rd Edition. A new, two-color page layout, a more portable size, and a list of the &quot;Top 100 Secrets&quot; in obstetrics and gynecology help readers to better meet the challenges they face today. And, at no extra charge, purchasers also receive online access to the complete contents of the text via Elsevier&apos;s innovative STUDENTConsult.com website. Readers will still find all of the features they rely on the Secret SeriesÂ® for-a question- and -answer format, lists, mnemonics, and tables and an informal tone that make reference fast and easy. No matter what questions arise in practice or while preparing for boards, this updated 3rd Edition has the answers-in print and online.The smart way to study!Elsevier titles with STUDENT CONSULT will help you master difficult concepts and study more efficiently in print and online! Perform rapid searches. Integrate bonus content from other disciplines. Download text to your handheld device. And a lot more. Each STUDENT CONSULT title comes with full text online, a unique image library, case studies, USMLE style questions, and online note-taking to enhance your learning experience.Uses bulleted lists, tables, short answers, and a highly detailed index to expedite reference.Features pearls, tips, memory aids, and &quot;secrets&quot; from the experts.Covers all of today&apos;s most common procedures and techniques.Your purchase of this book entitles you to access www.studentconsult.com at no extra charge. This innovative web site offers you...Access to the complete text and illustrations of this book.Content clipping for your handheld.An interactive community center with a wealth of additional resources.The more STUDENT CONSULT titles you buy, the more resources you can access online!Look for the STUDENT CONSULT logo on your favorite Elsevier textbooks!Offers access to the complete contents of the text and other community features online via the STUDENTConsult.com website.Includes a list of the &quot;Top 100 Secrets&quot; to keep in mind during a rotation or residency.Features a new, more compact trim size (5 1/4&quot; x 8 1/2&quot;) for enhanced portability.Makes information easier to find with a new, two-color page layout and &quot;Key Points&quot; boxes.Identifies useful websites to make it easy to find additional information on a specific topic, and provides live links in the online version.[1]妇产科奥秘更新版目录编辑I GENERAL GYNECOLOGY AND INFERTILITY. Benign Lesions of the Vulva and Vagina. Lower Genital Tract Infections. Pelvic Inflammatory Disease. The Menstrual Cycle. Puberty. Amenorrhea. Premenstrual Syndrome and Dysmenorrhea. Abnormal Uterine Bleeding. Hirsutism. Leiomyomatous Uterus. Endometriosis & Adenomyosis. Acute and Chronic Pelvic Pain. Anovulation and Induction of Ovulation. Infertility. In Vitro Fertilization. Pelvic Organ Prolapse. Urinary Incontinence. Spontaneous Abortions. Induced Abortion. Ectopic Pregnancy. Contraception. Female Sexual Dysfunction. Menopause. Breast DiseaseII GYNECOLOGIC ONCOLOGY. Vulvar and Vaginal Cancer. Precancerous Disease of the Lower Genital Tract. Cervical Cancer. Endometrial Hyperplasia and Uterine Cancer. Benign Adnexal Masses. Ovarian Cancer. Gestational Trophoblastic DiseaseIII SOCIAL/HEALTH ISSUES. Domestic ViolenceIV PRENATAL CARE. Preconception Counseling. Normal Physiology of Pregnancy. Comprehensive Prenatal Care. Nutrition in PregnancyV COMPLICATIONS OF PREGNANCY. Nausea in Pregnancy. Hypertension in Pregnancy. Diabetes in Pregnancy. Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy. Seizures in Pregnancy. Cardiovascular Disease in Pregnancy. Pulmonary Disease in Pregnancy. Renal Disease in Pregnancy. Infections During Pregnancy. Autoimmune Disease in Pregnancy. Alcohol and Drug Abuse During Pregnancy. Psychiatric Issues During Pregnancy. Surgical Disease in Pregnancy. Trauma in Pregnancy. Twin Pregnancy. Isoimmunization in PregnancyVI THE FETUS AND PLACENTA. Prenatal Diagnosis. Genetics in Pregnancy. Obstetric Ultrasound. Disorders of Fetal Growth. Disorders of Amniotic Fluid. Pathophysiology of the Placenta. Antepartum BleedingVII LABOR, DELIVERY, AND POSTPARTUM参考资料1.妇产科奥秘更新版．豆瓣读书[引用日期2012-04-22]词条标签：出版物，保健书籍，书籍