收藏查看我的收藏0有用+1已投票0运用媒体吸引目标客户：金融专业人员个性化营销系统编辑锁定《运用媒体吸引目标客户金融专业人员个性化营销系统》是2006年Wiley出版的图书，作者是DerrickKinney。书    名运用媒体吸引目标客户：金融专业人员个性化营销系统作    者Derrick KinneyISBN0471780340页    数250页出版社Wiley出版时间(2006年4月1日)装    帧平装目录1图书信息2作者简介3内容简介4目录运用媒体吸引目标客户：金融专业人员个性化营销系统图书信息编辑出版社: Wiley; 第1版 (2006年4月1日)外文书名: MASTER THE MEDIA TO ATTRACT YOUR IDEAL CLIENTS正文语种: 英语条形码: 9780471780342尺寸: 14 x 1.8 x 22.3 cm重量: 281 g运用媒体吸引目标客户：金融专业人员个性化营销系统作者简介编辑Derrick Kinney (Arlington, TX) has been recognized as the "most visible" financial advisor at the national investment firm he·iquest;s affiliated with, having appeared in the media more often than any of the company·iquest;s other 10,000 advisors. In addition to his own planning practice, Kinney runs Palladium Media Consulting, Inc., which advises financial professionals across the country on how better to position themselves as experts available to the media.运用媒体吸引目标客户：金融专业人员个性化营销系统内容简介编辑《MASTER THE MEDIA TO ATTRACT YOUR IDEAL CLIENTS》内容简介："This book is a marketing masterpiece. It should be required reading for all financial professionals."-Janine Wertheim, Chief Marketing Officer Securities America, Inc."Marketing is the lifeblood of any practice. The media is the most effective and cost-efficient way to market. Unfortunately, most practitioners only dream of media attention. No more-Derrick Kinney delivers on his promise to help you 'master the media.'"-Harold Evensky, CFP author, Wealth Management"This fast-moving, practical book gives you a step-by-step process to multiply your results and dramatically increase your exposure and name recognition. A classic!"-Brian Tracy, President, Brian Tracy International author, Create Your Own Future"Kinney offers an easy and effective 'how-to' approach for financial producers to gain recognition and credibility by becoming media sources. If you want to take your business to the next level, this book can help you get there."-Gail S. Waisanen, CLU, Editor, Life Insurance Selling"Derrick Kinney has built an effective marketing system that every advisor can use to help grow their business and attract more profitable clients."-John J. Bowen Jr., CEO, CEG Worldwide, LLC columnist for Financial Planning运用媒体吸引目标客户：金融专业人员个性化营销系统目录编辑Chapter ONE Exploit Your StrengthsChapter TWO Breaking into the MediaChapter THREE Learn the RopesChapter FOUR Be the ExpertChapter FIVE Create the BrandChapter SIX Getting the BusinessIndex词条标签：经管书籍，出版物，书籍